--- IM NOT FINISHED YET ---

Alright class. Time to talk about regular arrays.

They can accomodate both primitive types (int, char, long, etc)
and these so-called "reference types" (String, array, etc).
Reference types are considered objects in java. Don't necessarily
know if this is super important at this given point in time.

Arrays hold elements and/or members at a given index (plural "indices").
They are a data structure to group similarly typed data into a single
variable... however, it is technically just a reference to the 
variable.

Arrays can have their elements updated, deleted, created, and
I forgot the last part of the CRUD abbreviation (spoiler alert,
it's read). These elements are accessed:

    1) the "caveman way" ---> arrayName[# of index] many times
    2) standard          ---> using a for loop
    3) advanced          ---> using an enhanced for statement
        Note; "caveman way" is more efficient for an array of 
        small lengths (3 or less).

You can think of the index as the "address" of the element,
however, this is not to be confused with memory addresses.
Another way you can think of indices is the location of
the element in the array.
      Note; Arrays begin indexing from 0. 
      This can lead to off-by-one errors.

--- sleep deprived ramblings below ---

I've been up since 3 in the morning checking my RainBet account. 
Had to open up yet another credit card (shocking that I still
get approved for those) to keep up with my crippling gambling
problem. I only won $3 from $20 worth of scratch off tickets...
so that's how you know it's a gambling problem.

Gambling is only a problem if you lose money. Otherwise, you're
everybody's best friend.
                                        
                                        Saw a video the other day
                                        of a guy who sold all his 
                                        possessions (car, house,
                                        etc), went to Vegas, put
                                        ~100k on red. He doubled his
                                        money. Should've been me.
                                        Why wasn't it ME?!


I actually don't gamble as much as my GH contributions would lead
you to believe. I buy scratchers here and there, no more than like...
$20 every couple of weeks.
