(See section 1.7 in the course textbook, should
 you choose to save the headache of reading this.)

<---     Note from Gray Wave     --->

This is just a general overview of different programming
languages that is covered in your textbook in chapter one.

In general, it is good to have a surface-level knowledge
of multiple programming languages, until you decide which
singular language you would like to get skilled in.

You should always be working on developing your computational
thinking skills.

<---     Programming Languages     --->

Ada -> A language based on Pascal developed by the US
       Department of Defense. 

Basic -> Developed at Dartmouth College (Ivy League)
         in order to teach the concepts of programming.

C -> Developed by Dennis Ritchie (one of the authors
     of the ANSI C Standard books... imagine that!)
     at Bell Labs. C concepts are very applicable to
     Java!

C++ -> Developed by Bjarne Stroustrup at Bell Labs
       a decade after the inception of C. C++ 
       extended the functionality and standard
       library of C.

C# -> One of Microsoft's version of C. It is an OOP
      language generally used in game development.
      It has very similar syntax to Java.

COBOL -> This language's name is an acronym
         for "COmmon Business Oriented Language".
         This language was invented in the 1950s
         by the US using concepts introduced by
         Grace Hopper (a HUGE name in compsci).

Fortran -> This language's name is also an acronym
           for "FORmula TRANslator". This language
           was developed by IBM in the 1950s. 
           Fortran still has some use to this day
           in scientific and engineering fields.

JavaScript -> NOT TO BE CONFUSED WITH JAVA. JavaScript
              is the most widely-used scripting language.
              JavaScript has many applications in web 
              development as well as many different
              frameworks.

Objective-C -> An OOP C-based language. It is Apple's
               additon/development of C.

Pascal -> A structured programming language (a.k.a., not
          OOP) developed in the 1971. It was commonly
          used to teach the standard practices of 
          structured programming.

PHP -> Colloquially known as "the language that 
       will never die," PHP is an abbreviation
       for "Hypertext PreProcessor". It is an
       object-oriented scripting language, similar
       to JavaScript.

Python -> An open-source, object-oriented scripting
          language developed by Guido Van Rossum in 
          1991. It is now the most widely-used 
          programming language according to the
          TIOBE Index... the book no longer is accurate.

Ruby -> An open-source, object-oriented programming language
        similar to Python, but is more widely used on the
        Eastern side of the world. The book states that
        it is great for web development.

Scala -> An abbreviation for "Scaling Language," it 
         can be used in conjunction with Java to 
         drastically shrink file sizes.

Swift -> Released in 2014 (rather recently!!!),
         Swift is a language developed by Apple for
         iOS devices such as iPhones and iPads.
         According to the book, Swift is now open source!

Visual Basic -> Microsoft language used for programming.
                It is used to develop Windows applications.
